README.md, before:

React Masonry Component
=======================

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/react-masonry-component.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/react-masonry-component)

### The below information is for the 3.0.0 release which is currently still in beta.
If you are looking for the 1.x or 2.x versions, you can switch to that branch above.

### Table of contents
1. [Which version should I use?](#which-version-should-i-use)
2. [Usage](#usage)
  1. [Basic usage](#basic-usage)
  2. [Custom props](#custom-props)
  3. [Accessing Masonry instance](#accessing-masonry-instance)
3. [Using with Webpack](#using-with-webpack)
  1. [Dependencies](#dependencies)
  2. [Webpack config](#webpack-config)

#### Introduction:
A React.js Masonry component. (Also available as a [mixin](https://github.com/eiriklv/react-masonry-mixin) if needed)

#### Which version should I use?
React Masonry Component 3.x.x is compatible with React 0.14 and above only. For older versions of React, use a 1.x.x version of React Masonry Component.

#### Live demo:
[hearsay.me](http://www.hearsay.me)

#### Usage:

* The component is bundled with Masonry, so no additional dependencies needed!
* You can optionally include Masonry as a script tag if the should be any reason for doing so
`<script src='//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/masonry/3.1.5/masonry.pkgd.min.js' />`

* To use the component just require the module.

##### Basic usage

```js
var React = require('react');
var Masonry = require('react-masonry-component');

var masonryOptions = {
    transitionDuration: 0
};

var Gallery = React.createClass({
    render: function () {
        var childElements = this.props.elements.map(function(element){
           return (
                <li className="image-element-class">
                    <img src={element.src} />
                </li>
            );
        });

        return (
            <Masonry
                className={'my-gallery-class'} // default ''
                elementType={'ul'} // default 'div'
                options={masonryOptions} // default {}
                disableImagesLoaded={false} // default false
            >
                {childElements}
            </Masonry>
        );
    }
});

module.exports = Gallery;
```

##### Custom props
You can also include your own custom props - EG: inline-style and event handlers.

```js
var React = require('react');
var Masonry = require('react-masonry-component');

var masonryOptions = {
    transitionDuration: 0
};

var style = {
    backgroundColor: 'tomato'
};

var Gallery = React.createClass({
    handleClick: function() { },

    render: function () {
        return (
            <Masonry
                className={'my-gallery-class'}
                style={style}
                onClick={this.handleClick}
            >
                {...}
            </Masonry>
        );
    }
});

module.exports = Gallery;
```

##### Accessing Masonry instance
Should you need to access the instance of Masonry (for example to listen to masonry events)
you can do so by using `refs`.

 ```js
 var React = require('react');
 var Masonry = require('react-masonry-component');


 var Gallery = React.createClass({
    handleLayoutComplete: function() { },

    componentDidMount: function() {
        this.masonry.on('layoutComplete', this.handleLayoutComplete);
    },

    componentWillUnmount: function() {
        this.masonry.off('layoutComplete', this.handleLayoutComplete);
    },

     render: function () {
         return (
             <Masonry
                 ref={function(c) {this.masonry = c.masonry;}.bind(this)}
             >
                 {...}
             </Masonry>
         );
     }
 });

 module.exports = Gallery;
 ```

#### Using with Webpack
Because webpack resolves AMD first, you need to use the imports-loader in order to disable AMD
and require as commonJS modules.

##### Dependencies
First ensure you have the imports-loader installed
```sh
npm install imports-loader --save
```

##### Webpack config
Then add the rules for the imports-loader to your webpack config.
The `babel-loader` is used below to show how you can use the 2 together.
```js
loaders: [
    {
        test: /\.jsx?$/,
        exclude: /node_modules/,
        loader: 'babel'
    },
    {
        test: /masonry|imagesloaded|fizzy\-ui\-utils|desandro\-|outlayer|get\-size|doc\-ready|eventie|eventemitter/,
        loader: 'imports?define=>false&this=>window'
    }
]
```

Commit message:

remove references to beta in documentation. Add links to 1.x and 2.x docs

README.md, after:

React Masonry Component
=======================

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/react-masonry-component.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/react-masonry-component)

### The below information is for the 3.0.0 release.
Follow these links for [1.x.x documentation](https://github.com/eiriklv/react-masonry-component/tree/v1)
and [2.x.x documentation](https://github.com/eiriklv/react-masonry-component/tree/v2)

### Table of contents
1. [Which version should I use?](#which-version-should-i-use)
2. [Usage](#usage)
  1. [Basic usage](#basic-usage)
  2. [Custom props](#custom-props)
  3. [Accessing Masonry instance](#accessing-masonry-instance)
3. [Using with Webpack](#using-with-webpack)
  1. [Dependencies](#dependencies)
  2. [Webpack config](#webpack-config)

#### Introduction:
A React.js Masonry component. (Also available as a [mixin](https://github.com/eiriklv/react-masonry-mixin) if needed)

#### Which version should I use?
React Masonry Component 3.x.x is compatible with React 0.14 and above only. For older versions of React, use a 1.x.x version of React Masonry Component.

#### Live demo:
[hearsay.me](http://www.hearsay.me)

#### Usage:

* The component is bundled with Masonry, so no additional dependencies needed!
* You can optionally include Masonry as a script tag if the should be any reason for doing so
`<script src='//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/masonry/3.1.5/masonry.pkgd.min.js' />`

* To use the component just require the module.

##### Basic usage

```js
var React = require('react');
var Masonry = require('react-masonry-component');

var masonryOptions = {
    transitionDuration: 0
};

var Gallery = React.createClass({
    render: function () {
        var childElements = this.props.elements.map(function(element){
           return (
                <li className="image-element-class">
                    <img src={element.src} />
                </li>
            );
        });

        return (
            <Masonry
                className={'my-gallery-class'} // default ''
                elementType={'ul'} // default 'div'
                options={masonryOptions} // default {}
                disableImagesLoaded={false} // default false
            >
                {childElements}
            </Masonry>
        );
    }
});

module.exports = Gallery;
```

##### Custom props
You can also include your own custom props - EG: inline-style and event handlers.

```js
var React = require('react');
var Masonry = require('react-masonry-component');

var masonryOptions = {
    transitionDuration: 0
};

var style = {
    backgroundColor: 'tomato'
};

var Gallery = React.createClass({
    handleClick: function() { },

    render: function () {
        return (
            <Masonry
                className={'my-gallery-class'}
                style={style}
                onClick={this.handleClick}
            >
                {...}
            </Masonry>
        );
    }
});

module.exports = Gallery;
```

##### Accessing Masonry instance
Should you need to access the instance of Masonry (for example to listen to masonry events)
you can do so by using `refs`.

 ```js
 var React = require('react');
 var Masonry = require('react-masonry-component');


 var Gallery = React.createClass({
    handleLayoutComplete: function() { },

    componentDidMount: function() {
        this.masonry.on('layoutComplete', this.handleLayoutComplete);
    },

    componentWillUnmount: function() {
        this.masonry.off('layoutComplete', this.handleLayoutComplete);
    },

     render: function () {
         return (
             <Masonry
                 ref={function(c) {this.masonry = c.masonry;}.bind(this)}
             >
                 {...}
             </Masonry>
         );
     }
 });

 module.exports = Gallery;
 ```

#### Using with Webpack
Because webpack resolves AMD first, you need to use the imports-loader in order to disable AMD
and require as commonJS modules.

##### Dependencies
First ensure you have the imports-loader installed
```sh
npm install imports-loader --save
```

##### Webpack config
Then add the rules for the imports-loader to your webpack config.
The `babel-loader` is used below to show how you can use the 2 together.
```js
loaders: [
    {
        test: /\.jsx?$/,
        exclude: /node_modules/,
        loader: 'babel'
    },
    {
        test: /masonry|imagesloaded|fizzy\-ui\-utils|desandro\-|outlayer|get\-size|doc\-ready|eventie|eventemitter/,
        loader: 'imports?define=>false&this=>window'
    }
]
```
